1. JavaScript is used to change the behavior of a website.it is a client-side scripting language. it is used for dynamic changes.it is the object-oriented approach.

2. The isNaN() function determines whether a value is NaN when converted to a number.

3. NEGATIVE_INFINITY is a special numeric value that is returned when an arithmetic operation or mathematical function generates a negative value greater than the largest representable number in JavaScript.

4. Javascript developed by Netscape Communication Corporation.

5. Undeclared variables are those that have not been declared in the current scope, while undefined variables are those that have been declared but not given a value.

6.

7. The basic difference between these two is that ViewState is to manage the state at the client's end, making state management easy for the end-user while SessionState manages the state at the server's end, making it easy to manage content from this end too.

8. This ( === ) operator checks whether its two operands are equal, returning a Boolean result. 

9. 

10. The function fread() is used for reading the file content. The function fwrite() is used to write the content to the file.

11. There are four types of looping structures in javascipt:1)for loop 2)while loop 3)Do while 4) foreach loop.

12. We can convert a string to an integer by using the parseInt() conversion by default.

13. The delete operator removes a property from an object. If the property's value is an object and there are no more references to the object, the object held by that property is eventually released automatically.  

14. JavaScript has three kinds of popup boxes: Alert box, Confirm box, and Prompt box.

15. It is used to prevent any side effects caused while inserting an expression in a web page.

16. In JavaScript, we can use a window. location object to force a page to load another page. We can use the location object to set the URL of a new page.

17. Disadvantages of innerHTML
	-Event handlers attached to any DOM element are preserved.
	-Replacement is done everywhere.
	-It is not possible to append innerHTML.
	-Breaks the document.
	-Used for Cross-site Scripting.

18. 